BUG: df.drop not separating missing labels with commas (#42938)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.4.0.rst

- Bug in updating values of :class:`pandas.Series` using boolean index, created by using :meth:`pandas.DataFrame.pop` (:issue:`42530`)
- Bug in :meth:`Index.get_indexer_non_unique` when index contains multiple ``np.nan`` (:issue:`35392`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.query` did not handle the degree sign in a backticked column name, such as \`Temp(°C)\`, used in an expression to query a dataframe (:issue:`42826`)

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.drop` not separating missing labels with commas when raising ``KeyError`` (:issue:`42881`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.drop` where the error message did not show missing labels with commas when raising ``KeyError`` (:issue:`42881`)
```
